[TF-10597] Post Apply Docs (#497)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/run/states.mdx

- If the apply failed, the run ends in the **Apply Errored** state.
- If a user canceled the apply by pressing **Cancel Run**, the run ends in the **Canceled** state.

## The Post-Apply Stage

> The post-apply phase only occurs if the workspace has [run tasks](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/run-tasks) configured to begin after Terraform applies the apply. Terraform Cloud sends information about the run to the configured external system, but differently from the run-tasks configured for other stages, in this case, the `passed` or `failed` response is only informative, since the apply already happened and the infrastructure was provisioned. The information sent to the external system includes the configuration version of the run.

Reviewer: How would you feel about separating this into two sentences? I also tried rewording the second sentence for clarity because it's a lot of good information, but I felt like we could break it up a bit more:
```suggestion
The post-apply phase only occurs if the workspace has [run tasks](/terraform/cloud-docs/workspaces/settings/run-tasks) configured to begin after Terraform complete the apply operation. 

Unlike other run task stages, the post-apply stage gathers information about the resulting response of an apply operation because that operation has already occurred, and Terraform Cloud has already provisioned infrastructure. Terraform Cloud sends the information about the run to the configured external system with the `passed` or `failed` status along with the configuration version of the run.
```

What do you think?

Only confirmed runs can enter this phase.

_States in this stage:_

- **Post-apply running:** Terraform Cloud is waiting for a response from the configured external system(s).
- External systems must respond initially with a `200 OK` acknowledging the request is in progress. After that, they have 10 minutes to return a status of `passed`, `running`, or `failed`. If the timeout expires, Terraform Cloud assumes that the run tasks is in the `failed` status.

_Leaving this stage:_

- There are only advisory tasks on this stage.
- If any advisory tasks failed, the run proceeds to the **Applied** state, with a visible warning regarding the failed task.

> - If a user canceled the run, the run ends in the **Canceled** state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If a user cancels the run, the run ends in the **Canceled** state.
```
